feat: extend `require-default-prop` and `require-valid-default-prop` to check `defineModel` (#3032)
vuejs/eslint-plugin-vue: .changeset/lucky-waves-obey.md

---

> "eslint-plugin-vue": patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"eslint-plugin-vue": minor
```

---

> feat: extend `require-default-prop` and `require-valid-default-prop` to check `defineModel`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `defineModel` support to `vue/require-default-prop` and `vue/require-valid-default-prop` rule
```
